Python: Added paragraph that warns about pytest.fixture(scope="session") with test server (#3113)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/python/testing-suite.mdx

One recommended framework for testing in Python for the Temporal SDK is [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), which can help with fixtures to stand up and tear down test environments, provide useful test discovery, and make it easy to write parameterized tests.

### A note on pytest fixtures

> When using pytest fixtures to setup databases, application servers and common infrastructure it is not unusual to use the `session` scope to ensure the fixture is shared among multiple tests. However, with the time-skipping test server it is important that each test is executed in isolation. Launching a test server per test introduce negligible overhead and ensures your test do not conflict with each other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using pytest fixtures to setup databases, application servers and common infrastructure it is not unusual to use the `session` scope to ensure the fixture is shared among multiple tests. However, with the time-skipping test server it is important that each test is executed in isolation. Launching a test server per test introduce negligible overhead and ensures your test do not conflict with each other.
```

```python
import pytest
import temporalio.testing.WorkflowEnvironment

# Notice how this doesn't specify a "scope" like "session" scope. If you don't
# specify a scope, the default scope is function, so a new workflow
# environment will be created for each test.
@pytest.fixture
def workflow_environment():

>   return WorkflowEnvironment.start_time_skipping()

Reviewer: I am not sure this works without `@pytest_asyncio.fixture` and `async` and `await`. Have you tested this code? And for many, they may prefer a "session" scoped `start_local` instead of time skipping even though this only demonstrates time skipping.

Author: That's a good point, was using the auto-mode in my tests https://pytest-asyncio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/configuration.html  but I agree that being explicit works better

Author: Should be addressed on @cretz

Reviewer: It appears the `workflow_environment()` function is now duplicated in this snippet

Author: It is to show the good and bad example, do you think one of the two fixtures should be named differently ?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think it's a bit confusing to even have a bad example unless it's labeled more clearly and in a separate snippet. Many of our users just grab the first snippet and move on.

So in this case, we do want `start_local` to be used by users and used across tests, but if they need `start_time_skipping` you are correct that it should be per test. So maybe we should have both forms, named differently, with comments above each on why start-local is session scoped and start-time-skipping is not.

One recommended framework for testing in Python for the Temporal SDK is [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), which can help with fixtures to stand up and tear down test environments, provide useful test discovery, and make it easy to write parameterized tests.

### A note on pytest fixtures

> When using pytest fixtures to setup databases, application servers and common infrastructure it is not unusual to use the `session` scope to ensure the fixture is shared among multiple tests. However, with the test server it is important that each test is executed in isolation. Launching a test server per test introduce negligible overhead and ensures your test do not conflict with each other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using pytest fixtures to setup databases, application servers and common infrastructure it is not unusual to use the `session` scope to ensure the fixture is shared among multiple tests. However, with the time-skipping test server it is important that each test is executed in isolation. Launching a test server per test introduce negligible overhead and ensures your test do not conflict with each other
```

Notice, this only applies to the time skipping test server, not the local test server

```python
import pytest
import temporalio.testing.WorkflowEnvironment

# This might break because it will reuse the workflow environment 

> pytest.fixture(scope="session")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@pytest.fixture(scope="session")
```

If you do keep this, need `@`

Author: Thanks for catching this!

> # This might break because it will reuse the workflow environment 
> pytest.fixture(scope="session")
> def workflow_environment():
>   return WorkflowEnvironment.start_time_skipping()
> 
> def test_1(workflow_environment):
>   pass
> 
> def test_2(workflow_environment):
>   pass
> 
> # Correct: if you don't specify a scope, the default scope is function,
> # so a new workflow environment will be created for each test
> @pytest.fixture 
> def workflow_environment():
>   return WorkflowEnvironment.start_time_skipping()

Reviewer: It is a bit strange to have the primary code be the wrong code and have the same code correctly below (which you don't usually redefine the same function in the same code block). Maybe something like:

```suggestion
# Notice how this doesn't specify a "scope" like "session" scope. If you don't
# specify a scope, the default scope is function, so a new workflow
# environment will be created for each test.
@pytest.fixture
def workflow_environment():
  return WorkflowEnvironment.start_time_skipping()

def test_1(workflow_environment):
  pass

def test_2(workflow_environment):
  pass
```

Or if you must have the incorrect way be the in the initial block, can you move the correct way into its own separate block? It's a bit confusing to see the same method defined twice in the same block.
